LaQuita worked
for the City of Virginia Beach.
With the city, she was able to get a schedule
that allowed her to focus on her ministry.
I came home on a Friday.
Both my mother and I had
doctors’ appointments that day.
And we came home and sat down,
getting ready to fix us a bite of lunch,
and I got a phone call.
It was a family member,
and they were asking me
if I had seen the news.
I immediately
tried to call my daughter’s phone,
and it went straight to voice mail.
So I said, “Well, let me try texting her.”
So I tried texting her,
and I didn’t get any response.
It was about 10:00 or 10:30
that night when we just finally
got the confirmation
that we had indeed lost her in that shooting.
And I will say,
that was the worst day of my life.
The next day,
starting at seven o’clock in the morning,
friends started pouring in,
and we had
people in our home
to support us and encourage us
from morning till night.
And it meant so much.
It helped us to focus
on something else at that time.
The love that they showed to us
—it was just astounding.
It was just so amazing.
And that’s what helped us to get through,
to get through it all
—it was our family, our spiritual family.
The City of Virginia Beach, they volunteered
to take care of all
of the victims’ arrangements.
Because of the amount of people,
the venue that they decided upon
was the opera house in Norfolk.
The brothers, they got everything together.
The city didn’t really have to do anything;
they just gave us the venue.
And what really impressed them,
the city, was that
the whole memorial, everything,
took place within an hour.
The city officials were there in attendance.
You had the local newspapers
who covered it, reporters.
The reporters
were persistent in wanting to talk,
and so actually two of my brothers,
they handled all of that information,
with the guidance
from those two brothers who came down.
It kept us from having
to even worry about that, you know,
so it was very helpful.
I continue to get cards;
I get texts from people,
and it just encourages me.
Isaiah 41:10
—that has become my favorite scripture.
“I will really hold on to you
with my right hand of righteousness.”
Going through this,
I could really feel Jehovah’s hand.
It’s as if he was rubbing my shoulders
and saying: ‘It’s going to be all right.
‘You’ll be all right.
I’m going to get you through this.’
And he has.
Each day he gets me through this.
If it can happen to someone else,
it can happen to me.
And in this instance, it did.
But
that helps me to keep a perspective,
and I reflect on how Jehovah
is going to reverse it.
That’s my biggest hope
—to see Jehovah reverse
the damage that has been done.
He’s promised it, and my faith
is in the fulfillment of his promises.
So I look forward to being reunited
with my daughter.